# Week 6 Thinking Cap
### 1. What are your thoughts on "thick mapping in the digital humanities," and how does it differ from "mapping?"
Thick mapping is completely different than normal mapping. Mapping can only provide so much information, just a visual representation of a place. Mapping is stagnant, once the map is created, there is no more intake of information. Thick mapping; however,
shows more than just a place. There are layers of information that when combined, tell a narrative. The map is able to convey a complete message about the people, plac, history, etc. Thick maps are able to change and develop in order to add more information and multiple voices.  
This ability to show the depth of a subject renders thick mapping a complex and effective way to convey information. 

### 2. How does the theory of "thick mapping" inform narratives that are influencing your life?
Thick mapping is a good way to view the world. With every opinion or situation, there are multiple perspectives that should be considered. Ideally, a good thick map is unbiased, which is how we should approach situations. Unfortunately, almost everything we consume is coming from a single point of view. As people who are educationally privledged, we need to make more of an effort to have a full understanding of a situation before we formulate our opinion. Especially now, nearly everything is a thick map. For example, I post a picture on instagram. There is location data from where I tagged the picture, a caption, and the image itself. A story forms within those layers. Then the map grows as people comment on the picture. For example, sometimes my friends offer a funny comment knowing the realitiy of the situation that can change the narrative of the picture completely. Another example is google. If I search the name of a restaurant, I am given the phone number, address and location, menu, reviews from other customers, images, etc. A simple google search of a restaurant has turned into a comprehensive story with outside perspectives of people who have gone there before. Learning about thick maps can really change the way you think about the world.
